[MTA 7.3.1] CLI guide restrucures/rewrites + MTA-5731 (#139)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-cli/proc_installing-cli-for-docker.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2025-03-17
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="installing-cli-for-docker_{context}"]
= Installing the CLI for use with Docker on Windows

> To migrate applications built with .NET framework version 4.5 or later on Windows to cross-platform .NET 8.0, you must install the CLI for use with Docker on Windows. To do so, you must configure Docker to use Windows containers first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate applications built with .NET framework version 4.5 or later, on Microsoft Windows to cross-platform .NET 8.0, you must install the CLI for use with Docker on Windows. To do so, you must configure Docker to use Windows containers first.
```

.Prerequisites

* A host with Windows 11+ 64-bit version 21H2 or higher.

> * You downloaded the Docker Desktop for Windows installer. For more details, see link:https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/[Install Docker Desktop on Windows].

Author: ```suggestion
* You downloaded the Docker Desktop for Windows installation program. For more details, see link:https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/[Install Docker Desktop on Windows].
```
